Add zstd compression content to performance tuning doc (#4814)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _tuning-your-cluster/performance.md

{ "doc" : {"user" : "example"} }
```
{% include copy.html %}

## Compression codecs

> In OpenSearch 2.9 and later, there are two new codecs for compression: `zstd` and `zstd_no_dict`. You can optionally specify a compression level for these in the `index.codec.compression_level` setting with values in the [1, 6] range. [Benchmark]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/im-plugin/index-codecs/#benchmarking) data shows that `zstd` provides a 7% better write throughput and `zstd_no_dict` provides a 14% better throughput, along with 30% improvements in storage over the `default` codec. For more information about compression, see [Index codecs]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/im-plugin/index-codecs/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In OpenSearch 2.9 and later, there are two new codecs for compression: `zstd` and `zstd_no_dict`. You can optionally specify a compression level for these in the `index.codec.compression_level` setting with values in the [1, 6] range. [Benchmark]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/im-plugin/index-codecs/#benchmarking) data shows that `zstd` provides a 7% better write throughput and `zstd_no_dict` provides a 14% better throughput, along with a 30% improvement in storage compared with the `default` codec. For more information about compression, see [Index codecs]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/im-plugin/index-codecs/).
```
